feature: add docs for markingMode:none (#1524)
NativeScript/docs: docs/core-concepts/android-runtime/advanced-topics/marking-mode-none.md

- It is up to the app developer to manage the app memory correctly. The app code itself might also need to be updated in order to keep JS object references and prevent unwanted collection.

## Updating an app or a plugin to support `markingMode: none`

First, to instruct any app to use this feature we need to add the following in the [Android-specific custom flags(app/package.json)](./custom-flags):

```json
"android": {
  "markingMode": "none",
}
```
If the app behaves correctly after this change - great. If, however, some sporadic errors occur, especially related to memory management ("Attempt to use cleared object reference" etc), additional work has to be done. Have in mind the problem could be either in the app code, or in some plugin(s) used by the app. In both cases the resolution is identical.

### Let’s start with an example

```javascript
var implementor = new android.native.Implementor();     // native class
  var callback = new android.native.NCallback({         // native interface
    getMessage: function () {
        implementor.getMessage();
    }
});
android.native.Executor.printWithDelay(callback, 3s);
```

> The implementor is enclosed by the callback implementation, but with `markingMode: none` enabled we no longer take care of finding that connection out. So, when GC happens in V8 the `implementor` instance is GC'ed. This can cause its Java counterpart instance to be collected too early and upon calling of the `callback` an "Attempt to use cleared object reference" error is very likely to occur. 

Reviewer: Clarifying who are "we" in this case...

```suggestion
The implementor is enclosed by the callback implementation, but with `markingMode: none` enabled the framework no longer takes care of finding out that connection. So, when GC happens in V8 the `implementor` instance is GC'ed. This can cause its Java counterpart instance to be collected too early and upon calling of the `callback` an "Attempt to use cleared object reference" error is very likely to occur. 
```

### Solution

> To fix the previous example you must keep implementor from being GC'ed, by attaching it to the global object (or some other long-lasting object, exported module or wherever you see fit) which will ensure it will not be GC'ed prematurely. Below, the `implementor` is attached to `global` for the sake of the example:

Reviewer: Using `global` to keep the instance in most cases will force the user to free the memory at some point or a memory leak will happen. Let's try to create an example where the user uses the lifespan of a parent javascript object to clear properly the memory without manually setting it to null?

```javascript
var implementor = new native.Implementor();
global.implementor = implementor;
var callback = new native.NCallback({
    getMessage: function () {
        global.implementor.getMessage();
    }
})
native.Executor.printWithDelay(callback, 3s);
```

Naturally, you must manage the lifecycle of the implementor and release it when it is no longer needed:

```javascript
global.implementor = null;
```

## Testing an app for `markingMode: none` related issues

> `markingMode: none` applies to Android only, so testing for issues implies testing your app in Android Emulator or real Android device. Because bugs of this kind occur pretty randomly, there is not a single and universal way to find them. Below are some general tips on how to test/maintain an app:

Reviewer: We should state that this article concerns Android only somewhere in the beginning to make it clear from the start.

Author: We have stated in the Introduction that this option is "added to the Android runtime", also this article is under android-runtime/advanced topics section of the docs
